URL: https://housing.utdallas.edu/housing-departments/guest-housing/policies-summer-guest-housing
Title: Policies: Summer Guest Housing - University Housing | The University of Texas at Dallas
Depth: 2

------------------------------------------------------------

Policies: Summer Guest Housing
Housing Departments > Assessment and Guest Housing > Policies: Summer Guest Housing
APPLY OR SIGN IN
Related Pages
Housing Options
Resources
Amenities
Policies
Pricing
What to Bring
FAQ
Summer Guest Housing Requirements
Interns must be 18 years of age or older.
You do not have to be a UT Dallas student to live in summer guest housing. Any person with an internship, research affiliation, or who is taking summer courses in the Dallas-Fort Worth area is eligible to apply. An affiliation with UT Dallas is not required.
All interns must provide proof of internship from the sponsoring company, such as a letter of verification from a supervisor.
All summer guests must comply with the Resident Handbook.
Full payment must be received prior to move in. Guest Housing will provide an invoice based on the number of nights stay.
Insurance

Summer interns are required to provide information to be added to a comprehensive general liability and property damage insurance policy for UT Dallas. This policy does not cover injury to the individual or damage to the individual’s property. We encourage you to purchase personal renters insurance and health insurance to cover yourself.

Process Overview

APPLY

Submit an application 

CONFIRM

You will receive an email acknowledgement once your application has been processed by our office.

OFFER

Applicants will receive an email notifying them that a summer room assignment has been offered.

ACCEPT OR DECLINE

All guests will have the ability to accept or decline their offer within the guest housing portal.

PAY

Payment of the balance on the guest housing portal is due in full prior to move-in. Payment received after April 15 is non-refundable.

READ EMAILS

Email(s) will be sent prior to the date of arrival detailing important information and instructions.

NEED TO
CANCEL?

You may cancel your application at any time via the housing portal or via housing@utdallas.edu

CHECK IN

You will be provided with detailed instructions on how to check-in on campus prior to your arrival date.