URL: https://housing.utdallas.edu/housing-departments/guest-housing/amenities-guest-housing
Title: Amenities: Guest Housing | UTD
Depth: 2

------------------------------------------------------------

Amenities: Guest Housing
Housing Departments > Assessment and Guest Housing > Amenities: Guest Housing
APPLY OR SIGN IN
Related Pages
Housing Options
Resources
Amenities
Policies
Pricing
What to Bring
FAQ
General Housing Amenities
Wireless & wired internet
Community laundry centers
Central air conditioning & heat
Card access to buildings and suite/apartment front doors
24-hour on-call staff & lockout services
All utilities provided at no extra cost
Study lounges
On-site maintenance staff
Outdoor gathering areas and fire pit
Emergency call stations
24-hour police patrol
University Commons
Canyon Creek Heights
Recreation: Activity Center
Community-Specific Amenities
University Commons Amenities

Virtual Tour

Private bedrooms lockable with key.

Bedrooms furnished with loftable Twin XL bed & mattress, desk, desk chair, and dresser.

Common living area furnished with a couch.

Community kitchen and laundry room on the first floor.

Shared bathroom with separate shower and toilet. Shared vanity with three sinks.

Built in counters.

Exterior window with mini blinds.

Canyon Creek Heights Amenities

Virtual Tour

Private bedrooms lockable with key.

Bedrooms furnished with bed & mattress, desk, desk chair, and dresser.

Common living area furnished with a couch, coffee table, and barstools.

Fully equipped kitchen with full-sized refrigerator & freezer with ice maker, electric stove & oven, microwave, dishwasher, and garbage disposal.

Private and semi-private bathrooms.

Pantry and storage space.

Exterior window with mini blinds.

Outdoor Pools
Campus Recreation
Outdoor swimming pools
Volleyball, basketball, and tennis courts
Ping pong, foosball, and pool tables in the residence halls
Walking paths
Bicycle friendly neighborhoods
Access to Rec Center West and the Activity Center with a natatorium, fitness center, indoor courts, climbing wall, and athletic fields is available for purchase at the time of your housing registration. Group use of any available facility requires a reservation and is subject to housing and university rules.
Dining Options
Dining and Food Services
Dining hall near residence hall housing areas with all-you-care-to-eat menu.
Banquet facilities for up to 300 diners.
Retail options in the central part of campus featuring Chick-fil-A, Firehouse Subs, The Halal Shack, Einstein Bros Bagels, Buffalo Wild Wings, and more.
Catering available.

For retail locations and hours, visit UT Dallas Dining Services.