URL: https://housing.utdallas.edu/housing-options/university-commons
Title: University Commons | Housing | UTD
Depth: 1

------------------------------------------------------------

University Commons
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Previous
Next

University Commons residence halls feature fully furnished three-bedroom suites, a variety of recreation areas, community lounges, hangout areas, and study spaces.

All first-year students who choose to live on campus are required to live in University Commons.

 View the location of the residence halls and housing office on the campus map.

PRICING & FLOOR PLANS
VIRTUAL TOUR
MODEL SUITE PHOTOS
RESIDENT HANDBOOK
ROOM AMENITIES
Furnished with loftable bed & mattress (Twin XL), desk, chair and dresser.
Exterior window with mini blinds.
Lockable with key entry.
Wireless & wired internet.
All utilities provided at no additional cost.
COMMON LIVING AREAS
Shared suite entry with student ID card access.
Living area with couch.
Area for small refrigerator, microwave and TV. See photo with measurements.
Built-in counters.
Shared bathroom with separate shower and toilet.
Shared vanity includes three sinks.
COMMUNITY AMENITIES
Peer Advisors.
Study rooms, study nooks and social lobby.
Outdoor gathering areas.
Access to all University Housing amenities: swimming pools, volleyball courts, outdoor basketball and tennis courts.
Wireless & wired internet. 
Laundry room in each building.
Public kitchen in each building.
Table tennis, billiards and foos ball equipment.
Landscaped and maintained grounds.
Bicycle racks and repair stands.
On-site maintenance staff.
Indoor mailbox stations.
24-hour campus police patrol.
24-hour lockout service.
Emergency call stations.
Housing Agreement Information

The University of Texas at Dallas provides housing on an individual contracted basis. We offer housing options based on one bed per student, and we do not allow a student to reserve more than one bedroom except in limited cases for family housing, if available.

Living Learning Communities

Residents are invited to apply to be part of our Living Learning Communities (LLCs), where first-year students with similar majors and interests live together, study together, participate in social functions and have the opportunity to interact with faculty. Participation in LLCs is limited, and communities are filled on a first-come, first-served basis. LLC acceptance takes priority over roommate requests.

Meal Plans

University Commons residents are required to purchase a meal plan. Learn more about on campus dining.