URL: https://housing.utdallas.edu/resources/move-in/instructions-and-tips
Title: Move-In: Instructions & Tips | Housing | UT Dallas
Depth: 2

------------------------------------------------------------

Move-In Day Instructions & Tips
Resources > Move-In > Instructions & Tips
Instructions

Prepare

Make sure your Comet Card is ready and accessible.
Label all of your boxes.
Check the weather forecast for the day. Be prepared for hot weather. In the event of thunderstorms, move-in assistance will be postponed until lightning has passed.

Check-In

Arrive on time to key pickup at the Activity Center. Arriving at your scheduled time helps prevent long lines and ensures our move-in operations run smoothly. Residents who arrive over 20 minutes late for their move-in time may need to wait until the end of the day to pick up their keys and complete their move-in.
University Commons residents will be able to select their preferred move-in date and time. Check the housing assignment email for the link.
Canyon Creek Heights and University Village residents will have received a pre-assigned move-in date and time.
Jump in the line for your building to check-in and receive your keys. Have your Comet Card ready to show staff.
Receive your keys, route cards, campus map, and other helpful information. Place the route cards on the dash of your vehicles. Residents will be given one route card per car, for a maximum of two cars.

Move-In

First-year students in University Commons or Canyon Creek Heights:
After picking up your keys at the Activity Center, follow the signs to the move-in holding zone and get in the line for your building. Once you are at the front of the line, follow the golf cart to your building.
Pull up to your building’s unloading zone and unload your vehicle. Two vehicles are allowed per resident, and repeat trips through the unloading zone are not allowed. Due to tight spaces, U-Hauls and trailers are not allowed through the unloading zone and must unload from Parking Lot T. If you unload from Parking Lot T, you will need to provide your own moving supplies (dolly, wagon, etc.).
You will have 15 minutes to unload your vehicle and take your items up to your suite.
At least one person must stay with the car to move it after unloading. After parking, feel free to meet up with the rest of your party.
After unloading your cart, place it in the hallway so our staff can pick it up and take it back to the unloading zone for other students to use.
Non first-year students in University Village or Canyon Creek Heights:
Residents may proceed directly to the unloading zones and/or parking lots near their building.

Don’t Forget!

Now it’s time to decorate! Have fun and make the space your own, but remember to follow the decorating rules in the Resident Handbook (see “Decorating/Painting/Wall Hangings” section, pgs. 13-14).
Did you bring a bike? Make sure to register it at your building’s front desk. You will need your bike’s serial number, make, model, and color(s). Registration is free but required.
Tips

Arrive On Time

Sorry, but early move-ins are not allowed, as our maintenance and housekeeping teams are busy preparing your room for your arrival.
If you cannot arrive on your chosen date, email us ahead of time to make alternate arrangements.
Make sure to arrive at the Activity Center at your assigned time. Residents who arrive over 20 minutes late for their move-in time may need to wait until the end of the day to pick up their keys and complete their move-in.

Stay Cool & Hydrated

Dallas gets HOT in August! Drink plenty of water, and wear loose, light clothing and sunscreen.
Stay in the shade or indoors as much as possible. Take frequent breaks to avoid overheating.

Don’t Forget!

Two things many people do not think to bring: basic tools & trash bags.
Keep in mind that you do not have to finish your move right away! Once you have your keys you can take as much time as you need to move items in and get set up. (Just remember that you can only go through our unloading zone once; you will need to unload items from additional trips yourself.)
Target and Walmart are within a 5-minute drive from campus if you need to get more supplies.