URL: https://housing.utdallas.edu/resources/move-in/before-you-arrive
Title: Move-In: Before You Arrive | Housing | UT Dallas
Depth: 2

------------------------------------------------------------

Before You Arrive
Resources > Move-In > Before You Arrive

Review your housing assignment email

All residents will receive a housing assignment email in their UT Dallas email. Make sure to read through the email, as it contains important information about:

Housing assignment and mailing address
Move-in date (University Commons residents will receive a link to sign up for their preferred move-in date and time)
Roommate information
Renters insurance
Meal plan
Mini fridge, microwave, and linen rentals
Housing payments
Resident Handbook
Housing eligibility
Cancellation

Contact your roommates

Your housing assignment email has your roommates’ contact information. Touch base with them before you arrive to get to know each other and discuss who will bring what. Does your roommate have a mini fridge that they’d like to bring? Do you want to bring a table for the living area?

Know what TO bring and what NOT to bring

We’ve got a whole webpage with this information. Print out the pdf and take it when you go shopping! Speaking of shopping, you’re probably going to need less than you think. Our first-year residence halls (University Commons) are already fully furnished, so no additional furniture is needed. We always suggest waiting until you move in and see your space before buying big items and decorations. Target and Walmart are both within a 5-minute drive from campus.

Please note that items may not be shipped to your on-campus address before you move in. Additionally, University Housing does not accept furniture shipments due to available storage space. Residents ordering furniture must make arrangements to meet the delivery driver outside.

Label your belongings

Make sure to label your items in case anything gets lost. You can print labels and other helpful documents from our Resources & FAQs page.

Don’t forget your Comet Card!

Your Comet Card is your key to your building and your suite. You also need it to move in! So don’t pack it away in a box. Keep it in a place that is easily accessible so you can grab it when you arrive on campus.

Resident Handbook

Familiarize yourself with the Resident Handbook. All residents agree to follow the policies and procedures set forth in the Resident Handbook.

Be Weather Aware

While we cannot predict the weather with absolute certainty, we do know that it will be HOT in August! Wear loose and light clothing, drink plenty of water, and bring sunscreen. Stay in the shade or indoors as much as possible, and take frequent breaks to avoid overheating.

Please be aware that if thunderstorms are in the area, move-in assistance will be postponed until the lightening has passed.