URL: https://housing.utdallas.edu/resources
Title: Resources | Housing | UTD
Depth: 1

------------------------------------------------------------

Resources
MyHousing Portal

The MyHousing portal is University Housing’s one-stop-shop for everything regarding on-campus housing. Students may use the portal to:

Apply/sign-up for on-campus housing
Participate in the Returning Resident application process
Check the status of their housing application
Submit work orders
First-Year Housing

First-year students who wish to live on campus are assigned to one of the University Commons residence halls. First-year students are defined as those who graduate high school in May or June prior to their first semester at UT Dallas.

Family Housing

Limited family housing is available through University Housing for UT Dallas students living with spouses and/or children. These units are offered on a first-come, first-served basis, and availability cannot be guaranteed.

If you’re interested in family housing, contact the University Housing Office to inquire about current availability.

Please note:

All individuals residing in a family housing unit must sign an apartment housing agreement.
Canyon Creek Heights and University Commons are single bedroom housing options and are not available as family housing.
Corporate Intern & Summer Guest Housing

Corporate Intern & Summer Guest Housing offers housing to corporate interns and non-UTD student summer researchers.

Off-Campus Housing

The Dallas Off-Campus Housing database is provided as a service to The University of Texas at Dallas community and is for informational purposes only.

Resident Handbook

The Resident Handbook is a reference source for University Housing that discusses the safety and well-being of the community.

Residential Technology

University Housing provides residents with wireless and wired internet through Boldyn. Visit the Residential Technology website for information on getting connected and contacting Boldyn’s 24/7 customer support.